src/github.com/mitchellh/packer/website/source/docs/provisioners/ansible-local.html.markdown, before:

---
layout: "docs"
page_title: "Ansible (Local) Provisioner"
description: |-
  The `ansible-local` Packer provisioner configures Ansible to run on the machine by Packer from local Playbook and Role files.  Playbooks and Roles can be uploaded from your local machine to the remote machine.  Ansible is run in local mode via the `ansible-playbook` command.
---

# Ansible Local Provisioner

Type: `ansible-local`

The `ansible-local` Packer provisioner configures Ansible to run on the machine by
Packer from local Playbook and Role files.  Playbooks and Roles can be uploaded
from your local machine to the remote machine.  Ansible is run in [local mode](http://docs.ansible.com/playbooks_delegation.html#local-playbooks) via the `ansible-playbook` command.

## Basic Example

The example below is fully functional.

```javascript
{
  "type": "ansible-local",
  "playbook_file": "local.yml"
}
```

## Configuration Reference

The reference of available configuration options is listed below.

Required:

* `playbook_file` (string) - The playbook file to be executed by ansible.
  This file must exist on your local system and will be uploaded to the
  remote machine.

Optional:

* `command` (string) - The command to invoke ansible. Defaults to "ansible-playbook".

* `extra_arguments` (array of strings) - An array of extra arguments to pass to the
  ansible command. By default, this is empty.

* `inventory_file` (string) - The inventory file to be used by ansible.
  This file must exist on your local system and will be uploaded to the
  remote machine.

  When using an inventory file, it's also required to `--limit` the hosts to
  the specified host you're buiding. The `--limit` argument can be provided in
  the `extra_arguments` option.

  An example inventory file may look like:

  ```text
  [chi-dbservers]
  db-01 ansible_connection=local
  db-02 ansible_connection=local

  [chi-appservers]
  app-01 ansible_connection=local
  app-02 ansible_connection=local

  [chi:children]
  chi-dbservers
  chi-appservers

  [dbservers:children]
  chi-dbservers

  [appservers:children]
  chi-appservers
  ```

* `playbook_dir` (string) - a path to the complete ansible directory
  structure on your local system to be copied to the remote machine
  as the `staging_directory` before all other files and directories.

* `playbook_paths` (array of strings) - An array of paths to playbook files on
  your local system. These will be uploaded to the remote machine under
  `staging_directory`/playbooks. By default, this is empty.

* `group_vars` (string) - a path to the directory containing ansible
  group variables on your local system to be copied to the
  remote machine. By default, this is empty.

* `host_vars` (string) - a path to the directory containing ansible
  host variables on your local system to be copied to the
  remote machine. By default, this is empty.

* `role_paths` (array of strings) - An array of paths to role directories on
  your local system. These will be uploaded to the remote machine under
  `staging_directory`/roles. By default, this is empty.

* `staging_directory` (string) - The directory where all the configuration of
  Ansible by Packer will be placed. By default this is "/tmp/packer-provisioner-ansible-local".
  This directory doesn't need to exist but must have proper permissions so that
  the SSH user that Packer uses is able to create directories and write into
  this folder. If the permissions are not correct, use a shell provisioner prior
  to this to configure it properly.

Commit message:

add packer 0.8.1 support
Signed-off-by: Dong Dawei <dawei@yunshan.net.cn>

src/github.com/mitchellh/packer/website/source/docs/provisioners/ansible-local.html.markdown, after:

---
layout: "docs"
page_title: "Ansible (Local) Provisioner"
description: |-
  The `ansible-local` Packer provisioner configures Ansible to run on the machine by Packer from local Playbook and Role files.  Playbooks and Roles can be uploaded from your local machine to the remote machine.  Ansible is run in local mode via the `ansible-playbook` command.
---

# Ansible Local Provisioner

Type: `ansible-local`

The `ansible-local` Packer provisioner configures Ansible to run on the machine by
Packer from local Playbook and Role files.  Playbooks and Roles can be uploaded
from your local machine to the remote machine.  Ansible is run in [local mode](http://docs.ansible.com/playbooks_delegation.html#local-playbooks) via the `ansible-playbook` command.

## Basic Example

The example below is fully functional.

```javascript
{
  "type": "ansible-local",
  "playbook_file": "local.yml"
}
```

## Configuration Reference

The reference of available configuration options is listed below.

Required:

* `playbook_file` (string) - The playbook file to be executed by ansible.
  This file must exist on your local system and will be uploaded to the
  remote machine.

Optional:

* `command` (string) - The command to invoke ansible. Defaults to "ansible-playbook".

* `extra_arguments` (array of strings) - An array of extra arguments to pass to the
  ansible command. By default, this is empty.

* `inventory_groups` (string) - You can let Packer generate a temporary inventory
  for you. It will contains only `127.0.0.1`. Thanks to `inventory_groups`,
  packer will set the current machine into different groups and will
  generate an inventory like:

  [my_group_1]
  127.0.0.1
  [my_group_2]
  127.0.0.1

* `inventory_file` (string) - The inventory file to be used by ansible.
  This file must exist on your local system and will be uploaded to the
  remote machine.

  When using an inventory file, it's also required to `--limit` the hosts to
  the specified host you're buiding. The `--limit` argument can be provided in
  the `extra_arguments` option.

  An example inventory file may look like:

  ```text
  [chi-dbservers]
  db-01 ansible_connection=local
  db-02 ansible_connection=local

  [chi-appservers]
  app-01 ansible_connection=local
  app-02 ansible_connection=local

  [chi:children]
  chi-dbservers
  chi-appservers

  [dbservers:children]
  chi-dbservers

  [appservers:children]
  chi-appservers
  ```

* `playbook_dir` (string) - a path to the complete ansible directory
  structure on your local system to be copied to the remote machine
  as the `staging_directory` before all other files and directories.

* `playbook_paths` (array of strings) - An array of paths to playbook files on
  your local system. These will be uploaded to the remote machine under
  `staging_directory`/playbooks. By default, this is empty.

* `group_vars` (string) - a path to the directory containing ansible
  group variables on your local system to be copied to the
  remote machine. By default, this is empty.

* `host_vars` (string) - a path to the directory containing ansible
  host variables on your local system to be copied to the
  remote machine. By default, this is empty.

* `role_paths` (array of strings) - An array of paths to role directories on
  your local system. These will be uploaded to the remote machine under
  `staging_directory`/roles. By default, this is empty.

* `staging_directory` (string) - The directory where all the configuration of
  Ansible by Packer will be placed. By default this is "/tmp/packer-provisioner-ansible-local".
  This directory doesn't need to exist but must have proper permissions so that
  the SSH user that Packer uses is able to create directories and write into
  this folder. If the permissions are not correct, use a shell provisioner prior
  to this to configure it properly.
